When you first open the app, you will be greeted with a mostly blank screen, split into two panes labelled "Plot" and "Data". You may also see a sidebar with a list of options -- we'll come back to that later. To start a plot, you'll need to add some data. To do this, select the "Add New Data" tab in the "Data" panel. This will show three text fields. The first is the name of the data series. This app supports the plotting of multiple data series on the same figure, and so this name will be used to identify it. It must be unique for each data series, but will have no effect on the final plot (although it will set the default for the legend entry). This can be changed later.
                
Below this, you'll see two text fields side by side. These are for your $x$ and $y$ data respectively. You can type your data here, or more likely copy and paste it from Excel or Google Sheets. Make sure you enter your data with one value on each line, and that all values are numeric -- don't include a header.
                
Once you've added your data, click the "Add Data" button. This will clear the data fields, and plot your data with the default settings. This may take a few seconds, especially the first time you plot anything. You can add any number of data series in this way, but each must have a unique name.
                
Switching the "Data" panel back to the "Current Data" tab, you should see your data displayed as a table. If you have multiple data series, each will have its own expandable section, listed by name. Here, you can rename, view, edit, or delete your data.